docs: add FAQ entry about howto upgrade from Bareos < 20 with Bareos Python packages installed (#1260)
bareos/bareos: docs/manuals/source/Appendix/FAQ.rst

.. _security policy: https://github.com/bareos/bareos/security/policy

.. _bareos-1920-updatefaq:

Bareos 19.2 upgrade with python plugin installed
------------------------------------------------

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. index::
   single: Platform; Debian
   single: bareos-19.2; Upgrade with Python packages on Debian
```

On Debian platform, if you have Bareos <=19.2 with any python plugin installed, you will face some difficulties with :command:`apt upgrade` after you setup the new Bareos 20 or 21 repository.
This is due to the renaming of generic python code to python2 packages and introducing the python3 version. dpkg is not able to handle alone this situation.

.. code-block:: shell-session
   :caption: Error upgrading from 19.2 with apt upgrade

>    apt upgrade bareos bareos-bconsole bareos-client bareos-common bareos-database-common bareos-database-postgresql bareos-database-tools bareos-director bareos-filedaemon bareos-storage bareos-storage-tape bareos-tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   apt upgrade bareos bareos-director bareos-filedaemon
```

   Reading package lists... Done
   Building dependency tree
   Reading state information... Done
   Calculating upgrade... Done
   Some packages could not be installed. This may mean that you have
   requested an impossible situation or if you are using the unstable
   distribution that some required packages have not yet been created
   or been moved out of Incoming.
   The following information may help to resolve the situation:

   The following packages have unmet dependencies:
      bareos-director-python-plugin : Depends: bareos-common (= 19.2.12-2) but 21.1.2-1 is to be installed
      bareos-filedaemon-python-plugin : Depends: bareos-common (= 19.2.12-2) but 21.1.2-1 is to be installed
   E: Broken packages

> In this case, it is advised to use `full-upgrade` option of apt and directly move to new recommended python3 plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this case, it is advised to use :command:`apt` with `full-upgrade` and directly move to new recommended python3 plugin.
```
